Refactoring
- paying off technical debt, like untangling spaghetti
- Don't change things or fix bugs or add features, just rewrite code so it is more readable and not as messy
- Want to make things easier to understand but still do exactly the same thing
- A user would not be able to tell a difference between before / after

data folder
- phoenix fractals are meant to be used with files that start with 'p' in the data/ folder, like p-monkey-knife-fight.frac
- mandelbrot are the same, meant to be used with files that start with 'm' 
- in each file, there is an iterations number that is meant to be used by the program (which it currently isn't)

req analysis phase
- study codumentation, source code, instructions, catalog all code smells
- just try to figure out what is going on for certain sections of code and write that down

when refactoring
- use git branches a lot to try things out 
- make lots of really small commits
- main branch is like a safety line while rock climbing

making backup for all images while in req analysis
- `cp p-feathers.png p-feathers.bak.png`
- `diff p-feathers.*`
- will probably just eyeball differences though in pycharm, looks like `diff` and `feh` don't work for me like for erik

interactive.py
- just used to demonstrate the double for loop thing that is used to figure out the colors for the fractals

tkinter
- the GUI for this program
- works out of the box on every OS that can run python
- uses widgets, puts them on a window

tips for requirements analysis
- turn chunks of poorly written code into pseudocode so it is easier to understand and implement later
- the comments provided are not always helpful  so you can delete them or change them depending on the situation

other tips
- make a backup for the output of all of the working programs, and use diff on them when you introduce changes to know if you made a mistake

Suggested timeline
- **Monday, March 24** - Work on phase **0. Requirements Analysis**
- **Tuesday, March 25** - Wrap up phase **0. Requirements Analysis**
- **Wednesday, March 26** - Start phase **1. Design**
- **Thursday, March 27** - Continue phase **1. Design**
- **Friday, March 28** - You should finish phase **1. Design**
- **Monday, March 31** - Begin phase **2. Implementation**
    - Push your _4.0-analyzed_ and _4.0-designed_ tags by midnight to earn _grace points_!
- **Tuesday, April 1** - Conclude phase **2. Implementation** and begin **3. Testing and Debugging**
- **Wednesday, April 2** - Work on phase **3. Testing and Debugging**
- **Thursday, April 3** - Wrap up phase **3. Testing and Debugging**
- **Friday, April 4** - Complete phases **4. Deployment** and **5. Maintenance** and submit your work today

Modules that need to be included at the end
1. `main.py` - defines a function called `main()`, but is **not** the file a user runs to launch the program.
    - The program is launched by running `mbrot_fractal.py` or `phoenix_fractal.py`; these files then call the `main()` function defined in `main.py`.
        - If `main.py` is executed directly, it _must_ exit with this error message:
            
            ```
            Please run either mbrot_fractal.py or phoenix_fractal.py
            ```
            
    - `main()` inspects the program's command-line arguments and quits if no arguments are given.
    - `main()` chooses the fractal algorithm and palette corresponding to user's command.
    - More details about how this works are below.
2. `mbrot_fractal.py` - the executable that renders an image of the _Mandelbrot set_ fractal.
    - Calls the `main()` function defined in `main.py`.
    - _This file may be identical to `main.py`._
3. `phoenix_fractal.py` - the executable that renders an image of the _Phoenix_ fractal.
    - Calls the `main()` function defined in `main.py`.
    - _This file may be identical to `main.py`._
4. `parser.py`
    - Reads fractal configuration from files provided by the user.
    - Reports errors encountered in the input data.
    - Returns a dictionary of fractal parameters.
5. `palettes.py`
    - A palette is an array of strings representing colors.
    - This file defines two palettes, one used for Mandelbrot images and one for Phoenix images.
    - The iteration count returned by the fractal algorithms is used to index into this array
    - The `count()` functions must never return an out-of-bounds index.
6. `mandelbrot.py`
    
    - Defines a function `count()` that converts a coordinate in the complex plane to an **iteration count** of the Mandelbrot algorithm. The function's signature could be as simple as:
    
    ```
    def count(c : complex, max_iterations : int) -> int
    ```
    
    - This function does not know about colors or palettes.
7. `phoenix.py`
    
    - Defines a function `count()` that converts a coordinate in the complex plane to an **iteration count** of the Phoenix algorithm. The Phoenix algorithm needs two more pieces of information than the Mandelbrot algorithm. This function's signature could look like this:
    
    ```
    def count(z : complex, max_iterations : int, c : complex, phoenix : complex) -> int
    ```
    
    - Alternatively, you might choose to pass the entire fractal dictionary into the function so as to reduce the number of parameters:
    
    ```
    def count(z : complex, max_iterations : int, fractal : dict) -> int
    ```
    
    - This function does not know about colors or palettes.
8. `image.py`
    - Creates a `Tk` window and a `PhotoImage` object
    - The `PhotoImage` object stores the pixels of the image
    - This module contains code capable of creating a PNG image file
    - This is the only file which may import `tkinter` and directly use any code from `tkinter`
9. `run_tests.py`
    - A helper script for running unit tests
    - In the beginning of the project this script includes the tests from `src/tests/test_assertions.py. These tests are provided for your reference, and do **not** count towards your goal of 10 unit tests.