Erik spends the first like half of this lecture talking about Cybersecurity, since BSidesSLC is coming up. Here are some of his personal talking points about this subject
- A ton of companies face a severe shortage of Cybersecurity Specialists, and being interested in this field is a very good way to get a career. There are a lot of jobs out there
- It pays to be paranoid about security, and he learns something new with each one of these conferences he goes to 
- He pulled up a terminal window for the computer in his office and we could see reports of people from other countries trying to gain access within the last 24 hours alone, so attacks happen a lot

# Cyber Security Glossary
---
I kind of don't think it's useful to write down notes on this because I won't realistically come back to this lecture for them, it's kind of a waste of time. If I ever need them though, here is a [link](https://gitlab.cs.usu.edu/duckiecorp/sp25-cs1440-lecturenotes/-/tree/master/Module4/Lec30-Wed_Mar_26?ref_type=heads) to the class notes with a bunch of stuff

# Non Functional Attributes
---
Aspects of a program which are hard to measure, or are not spelled out in the specifications or requirements.
- Speed, memory usage, performance
- Number of lines of code, variables, functions, classes, etc
- How readable the code is
- How easy it is to maintain, extend, or fix bugs

They usually take a backseat to the capabilities that the customer expects 

# Thoughts on Refactoring
---
In the real world, refactoring in a professional setting is never really a priority because from a management perspective, it is a waste of resources to spend time keeping the exact same functionality for an already working program, but making it more readable. End users will never see the prettier looking code, they will only notice whatever functionality the program gives them (which won't change).

You should never refactor and add functionality at the same time! Having a git commit where you do two things at once makes it super difficult to figure out what caused a bug, if there is one.